Now let's learn about Amazon Cognito.
So Cognito is a way for you to provide identity
for your web and mobile applications users.
So potentially you have millions of these users
that are using, for example, your newest web application
or your newest mobile application
but you shouldn't create IAM users for them, okay?
IAM users are only for the people who belong
to your company and need to use AWS directly.
Instead, what you can do is to create users
for your mobile and web apps in Cognito.
So this is a simplified version,
but you would have Amazon Cognito
which will have its own internal database of users,
potentially millions of users,
and then your mobile and web applications
will have an integrated login into Amazon Cognito.
Now Cognito is what you would maybe see behind some
of these websites where you can also login
with Facebook, Google, and Twitter
by saying by click on the button
and then you're redirected to Google or Facebook
so it does that as well.
So if you're thinking of building a web
or mobile application and you want to have
a way to mange users on AWS
then Cognito would be the way to go.
So that's it, I hope you liked it
and I will see in the next lecture.